# Asynchronous-and-Promises-Assignment_No_9
 # Asynchronous TypeScript Assignment  ## Overview This repository contains a series of exercises designed to enhance your understanding of asynchronous programming in TypeScript. The assignment focuses on using Node.js to manage and execute asynchronous tasks. The tasks cover fundamental asynchronous operations such as delays, Promises, and error handling.  ## Assignment Details  ### Question 1: Asynchronous Greeting Function Write a simple asynchronous TypeScript function `fetchGreeting` that returns a greeting message after a 2-second delay using `setTimeout`.  ### Question 2: Simulated Task Function Create a function `simulateTask` that simulates a task by logging "Task started", waits for 1 second, and then logs "Task completed". Use `setTimeout` for the delay.  ### Question 3: Data Fetching with Promises Develop a function `fetchData` that returns a Promise which resolves with the string "Data fetched successfully!" after a delay of 1 second.  ### Question 4: Fetch with Error Handling Implement a function `fetchWithError` that returns a Promise. It should randomly either resolve with "Data fetched successfully!" or reject with "Data fetch failed!" after a delay of 1 second. Handle the rejection using `.catch`.  ### Question 5: Sequential Execution of Promises Write a function `executeSequentially` that executes two functions `fetchData` and `processData` sequentially using Promises, and logs the results in the order they are called.  ## Technologies Used - **TypeScript**: For writing strongly-typed JavaScript code. - **Node.js**: For executing the TypeScript code in a server environment.  ## Setup Instructions 1. **Clone the Repository**    ```bash    git clone <repository-url>    cd <repository-directory>    ```  2. **Install Dependencies**    ```bash    npm install    ```  3. **Compile TypeScript**    ```bash    npx tsc    ```  4. **Run the Application**    ```bash    node dist/index.js    ```  ## How to Use Upon running the application, you can test each function individually to see the output of each task. Follow the instructions in the code comments to execute the functions and observe their behavior.  ## Contribution Feel free to fork this repository, submit issues, or make pull requests. Contributions are welcome!  ## License This project is licensed under the MIT License.  ---  This assignment aims to solidify your understanding of asynchronous programming concepts in TypeScript and Node.js. By the end of these exercises, you should be more comfortable with handling delays, Promises, and error management in your asynchronous code. Happy coding!
